fix: Fact-check of webserver (#628)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/18-webserver/08-single-page-apps.md

---

> description: Serve single-page web apps like React.js and Angular in Serverpod

Reviewer: Suggestion: this description doesn't preview what the page covers. The other descriptions in the section name the actual mechanism (FlutterRoute, WidgetRoute, etc.); this one stops at "Serve SPAs". Worth naming SpaRoute and the fallback behavior so search and link previews tell the reader what's inside.

```suggestion
description: Single page apps in Serverpod use SpaRoute to serve static files and fall back to index.html for client-side routing.
```
